TRACING-3264: distr-otel: add description for OpenCensus Receiver (#18)
max-cx/openshift-docs: modules/distr-tracing-otel-config-collector.adoc

<1> The Zipkin HTTP endpoint. If omitted, the default `+0.0.0.0:9411+` is used.
<2> The TLS server side configuration. See the OTLP receiver configuration section for more details.

[id="opencensus-receiver_{context}"]

> ==== OpenCensus Receiver

Author: ```suggestion
==== OpenCensus receiver
```

> The OpenCensus Receiver provides backwards compatibility with the OpenCensus project in order
> to ease migration of instrumented codebases. It receives data via gRPC or HTTP/Json using OpenCensus format.

Author: ```suggestion
The OpenCensus receiver provides backwards compatibility with the OpenCensus project for easier migration of instrumented codebases. It receives data in the OpenCensus format via gRPC or HTTP and Json.
```

* Support level: link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview]
* Supported signals: metrics, traces

> .OpenTelemetry Collector custom resource with enabled OpenCensus receiver

Author: ```suggestion
.OpenTelemetry Collector custom resource with the enabled OpenCensus receiver
```

[source,yaml]
----
  config: |
    receivers:
      opencensus:
        endpoint: 0.0.0.0:9411 <1>
        tls: <2>
        cors_allowed_origins: <3>

>           # Origins can have wildcards with *, use * by itself to match any origin.
>           - https://*.example.com

Author: ```suggestion
          - https://*.<example>.com
```

    service:
      pipelines:
        traces:
          receivers: [opencensus]
          ...
----

> <1> The OpenCensus endpoint. If omitted, the default `+0.0.0.0:55678+` is used.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> The OpenCensus endpoint. If omitted, the default is `+0.0.0.0:55678+`.
```

> <2> The TLS server side configuration. See the OTLP receiver configuration section for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
<2> The TLS server-side configuration. See the OTLP receiver configuration section for more details.
```

> <3> The HTTP/Json endpoint can also optionally configure CORS, which is enabled by specifying a list of allowed CORS origins in this field.

Author: ```suggestion
<3> You can also use the HTTP JSON endpoint to optionally configure CORS, which is enabled by specifying a list of allowed CORS origins in this field. Wildcards with `*` are accepted under `cors_allowed_origins`. To match any origin, enter only `*`.
```
